check for zero cell (#131)
lab-cosmo/torch-pme: docs/src/references/changelog.rst

* First release outside of the lab.

Fixed
#####

> * ``_validate_compute_parameters`` now checks if the cell is zero if the potential is range-separated

Reviewer: Yes right place.

```suggestion
* All calculators now check if the cell is zero if the potential is range-separated
```
